how
Did you just call him Mengmeng?
Yes, Mengmeng was the surging passion of my childhood
I've been looking for him too
So you were the big brother when you were a kid.
Big brother, I am Mengmeng
Sister, how can this be?
How can you steal the big brother from me?
It's hard to find each other
I can give you anything you want from childhood to adulthood
But big brother definitely can't
This necklace was given to me by my big brother. This is evidence that we are looking for each other.
Sister, you don't have anything, just want to grab big brother from me, why is my necklace with you?
Oh, I see.
It was deliberately given to you.
So what's going on?
Big brother, I am Mengmeng
We grew up in the dark room with each other
Then you forgot
Brother Yinchuan, don't believe it, he probably just wants to take you away from me
This necklace was given to me by you when you were a child, and yours is a complete piece together.
Don't you believe me?